[chanting in Japanese]
[sighs]
Hm...
[laughs]
You don't have to
do a single thing but leave.
You do that
and you will
have rescued Mikazuki Temple.
[chanting in Japanese]
Hm...
[chanting continues]
[YUZUKI]
Okay!
So this temple pounds mochi
at the end of the year, huh?
It's our way of saying thanks
to all our supporters.
[YUZUKI]
Now, let's get started!
[all gasp]
[YUZUKI] We should split up.
Two groups can do
more than one!
[TSUKUYO, MIA, KURAGE]
Yeah!
Well, in that case
I'll team up with
Tsukuyo and Kurage.
Hm.
Sure.
Hm. This is part of my training.
I can't mess around!
Hey. You know
what I'm thinking?
-Huh?
-Hm?
Doesn't pounding mochi
seem pretty dirty?
Why'd you have to
take it that way?
It's just a traditional
activity!
But you do know why people
pound mochi, don't you?
It's a fertility thing.
That's not autatically dirty.
You've got
quite an active imagination.
[KURAGE] The mallet
represents your manhood
and the mortar
represents the woman.
Then you take them both.
Slappy, slappy.
Kurage, cut it out!
Stop making us all
uncomfortable!
Huh?
That in mind,
wanna trade positions?
[grunts]
But these positions
aren't how it works.
Would you lay off, already?
Don't lose your composure,
Akemitsu Akagami.
Focus all of your attention
on the mochi in front of you.
All right, let's go.
[grunts]
Ahh!
-Ready, and down!
-[KURAGE] Slappy, boing!
-[grunting]
[KURAGE] Slappy, boing!
Hm? Mm.
You have to
knead the mochi, Akagami.
Ahh! My bad!
I'm kinda confused
on what I'm supposed to knead!
[AKAGAMI] Really? Should we
switch back, then?
Mochi and breasts
are nothing like each other.
Get it together, man!
This time,
I won't get distracted.
-Hey, Akagami.
-Huh?
Look at those three
plump and delicious mochi. Hm.
Huh? Three of them?
-Be gone, worldly desires!
-Don't go blind!
I'll handle the mochi
from here.
You need to go
wash out your eyes!
That sounds good.
[tap running]
-Here.
-I appreciate it. Thank you.
I've gotta ask,
what possessed you
to make that joke?
The one about her boobs?
Yeah, the boob one.
I thought you were
the kind of guy
who likes those jokes.
Don't get the wrong idea.
Would you rather
talk about Yuzuki's boobs?
That wasn't my point at all!
Or maybe you'd prefer mine?
[laughs]
What's so funny with that?
Ah... Anyway.
I should go see if Mia
and Kagura could use my help.
I wish I could grow up faster.
[AKAGAMI] Huh?
Where did they run off to?
[MIA] Thank you
for your patience!
I've finished
changing into my uniform.
-Huh!
-[MIA] It's traditional
for pounding mochi!
Long ago, a rabbit
offered up its own flesh
to the hungry Buddha and earned
a place on the moon.
Through pounding mochi,
we call upon the soul
of that noble rabbit
and recognize the value
of the flesh's sustenance.
So I embody those ideals!
It's known as Bunny Penance
for pounding mochi.
You can't be serious!
Surely, it's too difficult to
do penance dressed like that?
Please, don't stare
so intently at me.
Feeling your gaze
is embarrassing.
[screams]
[sneezes]
You need to
change into something else
before you catch a cold!
I brought a stove.
-Oh...
-This feels incredible!
[KAGURA] Well, then.
That solves that.
I couldn't do anything
to stop it!
[AKAGAMI]
Why are we in a haori?
To stay warm and prevent
wardrobe malfunctions.
It's so warm with you here!
The heat is
not my biggest concern.
Now, grab her chest
over her clothes
-to ensure nothing slips out.
-[AKAGAMI] I feel like we've
strayed from tradition
somewhere along the way!
From what I'm reading,
this is totally normal
when performing
the Shared Haori Penance.
This is making me horny,
but let's try, Akagami!
[groans]
If it's our only choice.
Wow, where'd this come from?
I can't grab the mallet,
and I won't grab Mia's boobs!
So I'll lift Mia up,
and then pound!
-[AKAGAMI] Lift Mia up, pound!
-Ahh!
[AKAGAMI] Lift Mia up, pound!
-Lift Mia up, pound!
-[Mia groans]
Yes! It's working!
[AKAGAMI] Lift Mia up, pound!
-[Mia groans]
This method is great!
We're making serious... Huh!
Akagami's holding me
from behind
in his big, sexy arms.
And now I'm starting to
feel a little..
Oh, no!
We should take a break.
[TSUKUYO] Do you need me to
take care of this batch, too?
Oh, Tsukuyo! Uh...
You're a bunny girl too?
I can't believe
you'd blackmail me
by threatening to talk
about our kiss, you monster.
I don't remember anything
of the sort!
I didn't say that, right?
-C'mon, tell me I didn't.
-[KURAGE] Hey, I have
-I wouldn't..
-[KURAGE] a question.
Why isn't anyone else
dressed up like this?
[exclaims]
-[laughs]
-[KURAGE] Why just me?
[KURAGE] Well? Why?
[AKAGAMI] This is getting
too dangerous.
I'm about to lose the fight
against worldly desires.
What am I
supposed to do?
[YUZUKI] Hey, Akagami.
What's happening?
[gasps] Yuzuki!
[YUZUKI] I was only gone
a few minutes, so...
I swear,
it's not what it looks like!
This isn't because of me!
[YUZUKI] Then why is Mia
dressed up like that?
Not to mention
those two.
Here's your chance
to explain this away.
Please, stop.
Your grip, it hurts!
-[screams]
-[meows]
Penance? What kind of penance
is this?
I've never heard of a penance
that makes you dress
like a bunny.
You know,
I'm starting to suspect
the Complete Collection
of Penances is fake.
So that's it.
She still wants me kicked out.
[AKAGAMI] I hope you enjoy!
-[gasping]
-Vegetable miso soup!
Since it's been chilly outside
I figured I'd make something
to help warm us all up.
-Thank you.
-It's so good.
Hold on. Where's Kiki?
Maybe in her room?
Of course!
Well, I'll bring her some.
[YUZUKI] Thanks.
She'll appreciate that!
-[MIA] Have you heard?
-Huh?
Miso soup was invented
by a guy named Mister Miso
who served the dish to a monk
named Mister Soup.
[MIA] And he decided to give it
his last name!
-Hey, Kiki.
-Huh?
[chuckles]
Oh, it's just you.
What are you doing here
when it's so cold out?
I ought to be asking you that.
I brought dinner.
Thank you.
I was starving.
Care to have a drink with me?
[AKAGAMI] Oh, um,
if you don't mind.
[sips, exhales]
I'm still shocked
we found a man
who's so good at cooking.
Why did you come out here
by yourself to have a drink?
Oh, it's not that bad.
-There's quite a view tonight.
-Oh, yeah?
-[chuckles]
-[sighs]
You know how to put it away.
It's my first drink
since the mixers.
The tokudo ceremony
is coming up soon.
I'm grateful for your help
with Yuzuki.
But we still haven't
figured out
how we can afford
to repair the principal figure.
-You're right. Hm.
-Uh...
But once we
get past this problem
Yuzuki will be closer
than she's ever been
to her dream of taking over
at Mikazuki Temple.
After she's overcome
that hurdle,
she'll just have to discover
this temple's true form.
What do you mean, "true form?"
That won't be
where her journey ends.
It's only the start
of her real adventure.
And you? What will you do
when the tokudo's finished?
Will you devote yourself
to working here
or will you go through
tokudo yourself,
keep training,
and become a head priest?
Yuzuki will become
the head priest here.
After that's happened,
this temple
won't need me anymore.
But knowing Yuzuki,
I suspect she'd feel encouraged
if someone like you decided
to place their roots down
-and stay with her.
-Hm.
After all, who wouldn't want
a man like you around?
I wish I could
take you with me!
The two of us,
running a temple?
Well, I'm sure every day would
be an interesting adventure.
Then how about you come
and work for me?
I'm sure I could
make it worth your while.
-You know, if you serve me...
-Huh!
I have some services for you.
-Wait. Are you drunk, Kiki?
-[Kiki laughs]
I need to take a bath.
Pardon me.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
[rhythmic clapping]
-Now, everyone!
-It's here!
Let's celebrate!
Have a happy New Year!
[KURAGE, TSUKUYO, MIA, YUZUKI]
Yay!
[AKAGAMI]
Ladies. Quiet down!
[All] Huh?
Sorry. Were we too loud?
We don't know
if there are any spies around.
Wear these.
♪
[YUZUKI] What is this?
Disguises. Can't be too safe
in enemy territory.
[YUZUKI] What a violent way
to think!
I know temples and shrines
have had something
of a tumultuous history,
but we all get along
just fine now.
There was even a time
when we had
Shinto-Buddhist syncretism
with no real distinction
between our beliefs.
Wow.
[TSUKUYO] Classic Akagami,
always worrying.
Mm-hm.
[chuckles]
You good?
I thought you might
have something to say
about how I look
in my long sleeves.
Oh, of course! My bad!
It's not like
I need it personally.
But when girls dress cutely,
you should learn
-how to compliment them.
-You're dressed
exceptionally cute today!
Your incredible cuteness
is cuter than normal!
The goddess of cuteness
is here.
and her name is Tsukuyo!
[TSUKUYO]
Ugh, cut it out!
[AKAGAMI] Why did she get
mad at me?
[AKAGAMI]
Kurage, is that an ema?
Yeah.
You're looking especially cute
in your outfit today.
Uh-uh-uh, that won't do.
You should complement
a grown woman
by telling her
how beautiful she's looking.
That makes sense.
-[MALE PRIEST] Any children who
want candy? -[AKAGAMI] Hm?
There's candy?
Me! Here!
-Over here! Me!
-Kurage!
-I want some. Please?
-You're beautiful!
Oh, thank you! Me!
-[chuckles]
-[MIA] Oh.
-Hey, Akagami!
-Uh...
Think you can help me
draw one of these fortunes?
You flip this thing
upside-down
and the number that comes
out of the hole down here
is your fortune.
Oh! Thanks for the help!
Oh, yeah! You're dressed
beautifully today!
I guess kimonos are pretty
beautiful, aren't they?
That's not exactly
what I meant.
[MIA] Was that about me,
or about how I'm dressed?
[AKAGAMI] You. I'm learning
how to compliment women.
But I seem to be struggling.
Don't over-think!
Just be up front
and tell her exactly what
you find attractive about her!
Like what? Any suggestions?
[MIA] I've got a few.
[yawning]
-[YUZUKI] Ah! There you are!
-Huh?
How are you holding up?
Uh...
-You're beautiful.
-Huh?
Oh, that's so nice.
That's not it!
Mia taught me
some better things to say.
Hey, girl! Let's smash,
or something!
I wish you'd stuck to
your first line!
-[AKAGAMI] Anyway.
-[indistinct chatter]
[AKAGAMI]
I'm glad they're having fun.
It's been a while
since we visited a shrine.
-Did you not wanna go?
-We just couldn't
because all of our
end-of-year work
rolled right into
New Year's celebrations.
[chuckles]
But now, I wanna
come back each year
with everyone.
Don't you? [giggles]
I do.
[AKAGAMI] If I decided
to move out
it would solve
all their money problems.
[YUZUKI] I'll take care of it.
I'll handle everything.
Mikazuki Temple is where
we all belong
and I'll protect it.
I know you will.
During my matchmaking meeting,
everything ended up
the way I wanted
because I refused to give up
no matter what.
[AKAGAMI] That's right.
I promised. I swore.
I will support her.
[chuckles]
[YUZUKI] Hm?
Hold on!
Where are you going?
I will ensure Mia awakens
as an erotic queen.
It's my duty.
I figured it would be
a simple task
that wouldn't take any effort.
[YOUNG KAGURA] I know you!
Isn't your name Mia Christoph?
Hm?
Nice to meet you.
You may call me Kagura Baldwin.
I thought the two of us
could get along swimmingly.
[groans]
[KAGURA] But I was caught
off-guard.
She was
a rebellious child!
I'm banning all eroticism,
Kagura!
I see.
I've got a non-erotic plan
to run away!
Oh?
I'll write music
to teach the world
about my anti-eroticism!
-Oh.
-I even made lyrics!
-[YOUNG KAGURA] She's bizarre.
-♪ Na-na-na not erotic ♪
Why is she so intent on defying
her family's beliefs?
-No, I need one fewer "na."
-She should do as they say.
[YOUNG KAGURA] Life is easier
if you fall in line.
♪ Na-na-na not erotic! ♪
[MIA'S MOTHER] You would
send her to Japan?
Yes.
[MIA'S MOTHER] And what benefit
would that serve us?
[KAGURA] I've tried various
methods to guide her
in becoming an erotic queen,
but it seems that reason
always finds a way to win out.
She is determined
to suppress her nature.
[MIA'S MOTHER] It would seem so.
[KAGURA] So I propose
we resort to chastity.
If we show Mia
how painfully drab her life is
at a nunnery, it may stoke
the fires within her
and make her seek out
the touch of a man.
[MIA'S MOTHER] I follow you.
It's reverse psychology.
Then I'll allow it.
That said,
you must oversee her
and ensure
she has sexual intercourse
with 100 men.
You will capture
her conquests on this
and report back,
sending news every three days.
I expect to see results
from you.
Otherwise,
you will be made to return.
Certainly, madame.
-May I ask something?
-Hm?
[MIA'S MOTHER] You haven't
become attached to her
and compromised
your work ethic have you?
[chuckles]
Like that could happen.
[KAGURA] At first,
it was impossible
to send photos
every three days as she wanted.
This will have to be sufficient
for the time being.
Which is when
that man first arrived.
I set Mia's sights
on him
and got some good
material to use in my collages.
Now, things are easier.
Despite her stubborn nature,
it seems Mia is more cheerful.
[giggles]
-Although...
-[both chuckling]
has she genuinely
fallen in love?
-No, Mia. Friendship or lust...
-Do you wanna practice?
-...is already enough.
-Sure!
Falling in love
is strictly forbidden!
[footsteps approaching]
Have you finally
reached an answer, Akagami?
After careful consideration,
I think it's best for me
to move away.
[chuckles]
[AKAGAMI] The temple could
use the money
and I know I could, too.
We've reached
the same conclusion.
You've offered
to take on my debt
and help repair
the principal figure.
An offer like that comes around
once in a lifetime.
You're right, of course.
The man Mia loves
will disappear,
as he must.
The money will be all yours
when you move out.
-[Akagami sighs]
-Huh!
Unless you have a problem.
I do think it would be
for the best. Believe me.
But I decline in spite of that!
What?
You're refusing an offer
that benefits
everyone involved?
It's not just the debt
your father left you,
but the one for kissing Tsukuyo
and repairing those vehicles.
Uh...
How do you know about those?
But more important
than any of that,
how will you afford to have
the principal figure repaired
with so little time remaining?
Do you have any ideas
to get out of this predicament?
Not at all!
We'll figure it out!
How do you know?
I've just got a feeling
everything will be fine.
You need to accept the reality
that being a meathead
won't resolve
any of the problems
plaguing the residents
of the temple.
I won't let you insult Yuzuki!
You think she's
who I'm talking about?
I'll admit that it sounds good,
ending our money problems.
However, what you've offered
would be
nothing more than
a temporary solution!
And you fear
you'll find yourself
facing the same situation
again, right?
Yes. And there's something
I cannot forsake.
I swore that I'd support
Yuzuki no matter what.
So this can't be
my only option. You know?
There's gotta be something
better than running!
Looks like I won't
convince him.
Understood. You may consider
my offer withdrawn.
Well. I'm certain
he'll come crawling back to me.
Raising money isn't easy.
-Thank goodness.
-Mm.
This means I can
keep my promise to Mia, too.
Huh?
We swore that we'd
fight side by side.
-What?
-I refuse to betray her!
[KAGURA] Oh, really?
You won't betray her?
Who do you think
you are?
You say that,
but you're in love
with Yuzuki Aoba!
Mia may not
realize it yet,
but she's truly
in love with you.
An unrequited love.
How will she feel
when she finds out?
It'll hurt her
and she may never
learn how to love again!
-[chuckles]
-Is something wrong?
Don't talk about her!
You don't understand Mia!
How could you know
what she's feeling?
I've never seen you
so angry before!
What?
Ever since I met you, you've
always hid your emotions!
You think this is me
when I'm angry?
You've even started
raising your voice at me!
You'll know
if I raise my voice at you!
-[laughs]
-What's the big idea?
Frankly, I'm relieved.
I'm happy to see you
get so upset on Mia's behalf.
I told you, I'm not upset.
It's clear to me,
you care for Mia.
[AKAGAMI] And you don't only
care about her family.
[shocked]
I knew something
seemed a little off.
I never believed that you would
just betray her like that.
Huh! What do you mean?
I suppose it's how you two look
when you're sharing a smile.
[AKAGAMI] You seem
genuinely happy.
You did all this because you
care so deeply about Mia.
You never wanted
to do anything
that would risk
betraying her trust.
No, you...
It's okay!
You don't need to hide it.
[screams]
[groans]
How unseemly. I shouldn't
have done that. [spraying]
I simply hold fast
to my position.
By my name as a Baldwin,
I shall see my work complete.
Honestly! How did you
get any other idea?
[Akagami gagging]
-[deep exhale]
-Oh!
-Kagura!
-Hello, there.
I thank you for your patience.
Have you seen Akagami?
He needed to take a quick nap.
Huh?
-[YUZUKI] Kagura! Just in time!
-Huh?
We were all out here trying to
brainstorm different ways
that Mikazuki Temple could
rally up some quick money.
-I've been asking for advice...
-Huh.
but I think
we're kind of stumped!
-Oh.
-You can count on her.
She's the most dependable
person on the planet!
After all,
she's my best friend
and we're like identical twins!
Right, Kagura?
[giggles]
What a mess.
[KAGURA] I'm nothing
but a dutiful servant.
I hear the cackling flames
of love!
You mean "crackling,"
not "cackling."
I hear your heart crackling
for Akagami.
My heart's
not crackling for him!
I just got, you know,
too turned on.
-[screams]
-Is that so?
Why don't you say it
even louder?